# BTE ASEAN TPLL RPA

A tool to copy and paste tpll coordinates from Google Maps to Minecraft in a faster and efficient way.

## What it contains

The tool comprises of two components. To begin using the tool, download this repository and follow the installation instructions.

### Google Chrome Extension

Used to collate the tplls the end user has selected and exports them to a text file.

#### Installation

1. Open Google Chrome and go to chrome://extensions/.
2. Ensure developer mode is on.
3. Click on the `Load unpacked` button and navigate to this folder.
4. The BTE extension should appear.
5. Go to Google Maps and click on the extension. You should see a light gray square.
6. Click on the square to start. The extension will collate the tplls when you right click a place and presses the coordinates to copy.
7. To ensure everything goes smoothly, press f12 to open the developer tools window and go to the console.
8. When a tpll has been successfully collated, a message will be logged.
9. To finish, click on the extension square again and a text file containing all the tplls collated will be automatically downloaded. Ensure you enable the multiple files download option.

NOTE: Try not to select more than 50 tpll points, since the extension is slightly unstable and you may lose the selected points. Do it slowly.

### Power Automate Flow

Reads the tplls from the text file generated by the Chrome extension and places a gold block on the coordinates.

#### Installation

1. Open the Power Automate program on your computer. It is only supported on Windows 10 and 11.
2. Create a new flow.
3. Copy the contents in thte BTE_RPA.txt file to the center of the empty space.
4. The flow should be automatically created.
5. Whenever you would like to use the bot, look through the flow and ensure the /tpll elevation is set correctly. It is recommended to set it to +1 of the ground 
6. By default, the bot uses the gold block to indicate a tpll point. You can change this in the /setblock command.
7. To run the bot, ensure your player character ingame is in creative mode and flying.
8. When the bot starts, you will be prompted to select the text file generated by the chrome extension.
9. Once you have selected it, immediately set the mouse focus to the minecraft window. Do not press `esc`. The bot will unpause the game by itself.
10. Grab a coffee and look at the bot doing your job for you. If it is not working as expected, just press stop in the Power Automate window and try again.